docs(router): add examples of API routes (#610)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/features/api/overview.md

A route defined in `src/server/routes/v1/hello.ts` can now be accessed at `/services/v1/hello`.

## Route with Dynamic Parameters

> Routes can use dynamic parameters within brackets in the file name like `/api/hello/[name].ts` and be accessed via event.context.params.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamic API routes are defined by using the filename as the route path enclosed in square brackets. Parameters can be accessed via `event.context.params`.
```

```ts
// /server/routes/v1/hello/[name].ts
import { defineEventHandler } from 'h3';

export default defineEventHandler(
  (event: H3Event) => `Hello ${event.context.params?.['name']}!`
);
```

OR

```ts
// /server/routes/v1/hello/[name].ts
import { defineEventHandler, getRouterParam } from 'h3';

export default defineEventHandler((event) => {
  const name = getRouterParam(event, 'name');
  return `Hello, ${name}!`;
});
```

## Specific HTTP request method

> File names can be suffixed with .get, .post, .put, .delete, ... to match request's HTTP Method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File names can be suffixed with `.get`, `.post`, `.put`, `.delete`, etc. to match the specific HTTP request method.
```
